# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in --python-version 3.12.11 -o requirements.txt
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via tensorboard
adagio==0.2.6
    # via fugue
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via fs
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==25.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
captum==0.8.0
    # via neuralprophet
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via statsforecast
comm==0.2.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
coreforecast==0.0.16
    # via statsforecast
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.17
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
executing==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.20.0
    # via torch
fonttools==4.60.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fs==2.4.16
    # via triad
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
    #   triad
fugue==0.9.1
    # via statsforecast
grpcio==1.75.1
    # via tensorboard
holidays==0.82
    # via neuralprophet
idna==3.10
    # via yarl
ipykernel==6.30.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==9.6.0
    # via ipykernel
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbformat
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via neuralprophet
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
lightning-utilities==0.15.2
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
llvmlite==0.45.1
    # via numba
markdown==3.9
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.6
    # via
    #   captum
    #   neuralprophet
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
narwhals==2.7.0
    # via plotly
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
neuralprophet==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numba==0.62.1
    # via statsforecast
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   captum
    #   contourpy
    #   coreforecast
    #   matplotlib
    #   neuralprophet
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scipy
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchmetrics
    #   triad
    #   utilsforecast
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   captum
    #   ipykernel
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   pipdeptree
    #   plotly
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchmetrics
    #   utilsforecast
pandas==2.3.3
    # via
    #   neuralprophet
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   triad
    #   utilsforecast
parso==0.8.5
    # via jedi
patsy==1.0.1
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorboard
pip==25.2
    # via pipdeptree
pipdeptree==2.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.5.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==6.3.1
    # via neuralprophet
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via ipython
propcache==0.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.32.1
    # via tensorboard
psutil==7.1.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via triad
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   holidays
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==2.5.5
    # via neuralprophet
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via pytorch-lightning
pyzmq==27.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   fs
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   fs
    #   python-dateutil
    #   triad
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsforecast==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
statsmodels==0.14.5
    # via statsforecast
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tensorboard==2.20.0
    # via neuralprophet
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via statsforecast
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   captum
    #   neuralprophet
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
torchmetrics==1.8.2
    # via
    #   neuralprophet
    #   pytorch-lightning
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   captum
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   statsforecast
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbformat
triad==0.9.8
    # via
    #   adagio
    #   fugue
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   grpcio
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   neuralprophet
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   referencing
    #   torch
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
utilsforecast==0.2.14
    # via statsforecast
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
yarl==1.22.0
    # via aiohttp
